Add a configuration note to the GitHub OAuth page (#2438)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_applying-the-github-oauth-app-secret.adoc

    app.kubernetes.io/component: oauth-scm-configuration
  annotations:
    che.eclipse.org/oauth-scm-server: github
    che.eclipse.org/scm-server-endpoint: <github_server_url> <2>
type: Opaque
data:
  id: __<Base64_GitHub_OAuth_Client_ID>__ <3>
  secret: __<Base64_GitHub_OAuth_Client_Secret>__ <4>
----
<1> The {prod-short} namespace. The default is `{prod-namespace}`.

> <2> A *GitHub Enterprise Server URL* (optional). If GitHub Cloud is used, remove the annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> A *GitHub Enterprise Server URL*. By default `https://github.com` is used for the `SAAS` version.
```
